thrilled because you know hey look at
what happened to these export controls
and tech restrictions. China is still
able to to make these um major um uh
achievements. Uh because if we look in
live in China and observe that the daily
lives, you know, innovation is happening
here and there all the time.
Breakthroughs small and large are at
every level. So um that's something to
keep in mind and it does permeate
throughout the the economy. The the
interesting thing is that I don't think
this is head-on competition with the US,
right? US does these breakthroughs more
systematic
um model based but Chinese applications
are really really useful because
ultimately uh the success of a
technology and how much it actually
impacts the economy depends on how much
it's adopted how accessible it is and
how much it permeates throughout society
and everyday lives and Chinese
applications and and Chinese technology
are very much suited for that because I
think the approach of Chinese innovators
start first start from trying to address